up into the forbidding majesty of the
great madhuri range go men their pasts
buried in silent secrecy their futures
hidden in the mystery of adventure men
drawn together in their search for gold
dog soldier of fortune Howard the
old-timer Curtin the youngster and Cody
the intruder these are the men who tried
to tap the Treasure of the Sierra Madre
men with an oath on their lips and
muscles and their arms but men with
greed in our hearts ready to break their
backs to sell their very souls for gold
fighting shoulder to shoulder against
the forces of nature only to find their
greatest enemy is human nature check
your traps after smash your head flat ha
ha
without me you do a die here more
miserable than rats leave him alone he
does it
the better as far as I'm concerned I
don't wanna keep that Dame waiting
whoever she is
we wounded this Marlins our duty to pose
our wounds the least we can do to show
our gratitude for the well she's giving
us you talk about that mom like was a
real woman you did a lot better than me
than any woman I ever knew I know
exactly what you mean you want to take
it all for yourself and cut me out I
know you for what you are a long time
I've had my suspicions about you now I
know I've been like it's about your
stinking game is it informing my new use
an informer I knew it all the time take
a look down that month this means all
our funerals what's that I'm right and
what I'm thinking may the Lord be with
us that soldiers their bandits